Optimize _query_var for ``str`` objects (#1131)
aio-libs/yarl: CHANGES/1131.misc.rst

> Improved performance of processing query string changes when arguments are type ``str``  -- by :user:`bdraco`.

Author: ```suggestion
Improved performance of processing query string changes when arguments are :class:`str`  -- by :user:`bdraco`.
```

> Improved performance of processing query string changes when arguments are :class:`str`  -- by :user:`bdraco`.

Author: ```suggestion
Improved performance of processing query string changes when arguments are :class:`str` -- by :user:`bdraco`.
```

> Improved performance of processing query string changes when arguments are built-in types that are not subclassed -- by :user:`bdraco`.

Author: ```suggestion
Improved performance of processing query string changes when arguments are type ``str``  -- by :user:`bdraco`.
```
